# readme.md, before:

# LastOS Builder

![<Element: Lastos logo>](<https://cldup.com/E21ACrr4ZJ.png?raw="true" width="100px"  height="100px">)
[Website ](http://www.lastos.org)

## Version 0.0.2

### Lastos builder updates

[found here](https://github.com/pacav69/lastosbuilder-updates)

 
## introduction

This builder allows the user to customise Windows 10 and Windows 11 and make
 adjustment such as wallpaper, applications and drivers to create a bootable ISO ready for deployment,\.

This builder is based on Last20Builder found [here](http://forum.lastos.org/index.php?threads/last20-ltsc-x64-2020-02.1866/)

## Requirements
Minimum

* A Personnel  Computer running windows 10 or better
* 8Gb RAM
* 30Gb of free hard drive space
* VirtualBox version 7 or better [download here](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
* Git application [downloaded from here](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

 ### Windows 11 ISO

Windows 11 logo

<img src="https://cldup.com/CNvdnmCQtv.png" alt="Win11 logo" style="height: 100px; width:120px;"/>

[Download Windows 11 ISO here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-au/software-download/windows11/)



## Usage


## Clone

To clone create a subdirectory and use the following command from the command prompt:

        git clone  https://github.com/pacav69/LastOSBuilder
 

this will copy the files to your computer into the created subdirectory.

## Documentation WIP (work In Progress)

LastOS Builder Documentation

## Tools Used

CMD Command Line information used in scripts [found here](https://ss64.com/nt/)


WinBuilder - [Win10XPE Homepage ](https://theoven.org/viewforum.php?f=14)

### Changes
See file "00.0_____Changelog.txt" for any changes.

Commit message:

update readme with builder update

# readme.md, after:

# LastOS Builder

![<Element: Lastos logo>](<https://cldup.com/E21ACrr4ZJ.png?raw="true" width="100px"  height="100px">)
[Website ](http://www.lastos.org)

## Version 0.0.2

### Lastos builder updates

[found here](https://github.com/pacav69/lastosbuilder-updates)

 
## introduction

This builder allows the user to customise Windows 10 and Windows 11 and make
 adjustment such as wallpaper, applications and drivers to create a bootable ISO ready for deployment,\.

This builder is based on Last20Builder found [here](http://forum.lastos.org/index.php?threads/last20-ltsc-x64-2020-02.1866/)

## Requirements
Minimum

* A Personnel  Computer running windows 10 or better
* 8Gb RAM
* 30Gb of free hard drive space
* VirtualBox version 7 or better [download here](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
* Git application [downloaded from here](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

 ### Windows 11 ISO

Windows 11 logo

<img src="https://cldup.com/CNvdnmCQtv.png" alt="Win11 logo" style="height: 100px; width:120px;"/>

[Download Windows 11 ISO here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-au/software-download/windows11/)



## Usage


## Clone

To clone create a subdirectory and use the following command from the command prompt:

        git clone  https://github.com/pacav69/LastOSBuilder
 

this will copy the files to your computer into the created subdirectory.

## Builder Updates

To update, change to subdirectory of builder (LastOSBuilder) and use the following command from the command prompt:

        git pull  https://github.com/pacav69/LastOSBuilder

this will update only the changed files from the repositry into the builder directory.

If all is fine you should see this

        Already up to date.


## Documentation WIP (work In Progress)

LastOS Builder Documentation

## Tools Used

CMD Command Line information used in scripts [found here](https://ss64.com/nt/)


WinBuilder - [Win10XPE Homepage ](https://theoven.org/viewforum.php?f=14)

### Changes
See file "00.0_____Changelog.txt" for any changes.
